[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] today we're
checking out eyes without a face an old
school film about a crazed doctor who
kidnaps women to take off their face you
might even recognize this movie before
from singing this image on countless
YouTube thumbnails so if you want to
learn what happens to see the most
messed up horse stay tuned for the
breakdown the movie starts out with some
goofy Looney Tunes music as the
introduction passes then we see a woman
driving and she looks in her rear view
mirror to see a figure in the back that
she's already aware of the figure is in
fact a lifeless woman and the driver
pulls her out and dragged into the
surrounding lake later we see a man
answering a phone call and then we see
some biologists talk to a crowd about
transferring one organisms tissue to
another basically skin sharing then two
officers are talking about the dead
woman from the beginning who was found
they tell to the professor biologist
that the dead woman is his daughter
she's missing her face and only her eyes
remain another man has also been missing
his daughter and that's the professor
who seems a little all about finding out
his daughter's dead then at the funeral
after everybody leaves the woman from
the beginning does something to a
resting-places then they drive off then
back home the professor comes upon a
woman with a facedown and we learned
that this is his actual daughter showing
that the woman from the beginning was a
random woman who shared similar looks to
this girl
the professor uses the dead woman to
make a face for his daughter who had
completely disfigured her own face in an
accident the woman who helped hide the
body also got a new face man professor
and the woman puts a mask on the
daughter the daughter sneaks around her
house as the woman has her eyes set on
some woman it to be a new facial match
the woman takes the gorgeous lady to the
professor's house under the guise that
the house could be used as a rent home
the gorgeous girl is nervous intense but
the professor chloroform's are after
faking her hospitality and carries her
away they put her in a secret Batcave
like department is the daughter hides
and observe
the daughter ventures inside the seeker
only finds a human centipede
s surgery room in a large room of caged
dogs who doesn't love dogs this she
examines the gorgeous girl more and
lifted her true appearance in the mirror
and walks up to the gorgeous girl do we
actually see the daughters fucked-up
faces the gorgeous girl springs in fear
then it's surgery time we hear the
daughters-- moaning on an operating
table
the professor begins to cut the gorgeous
girl's face as the woman hands on the
tools then he goes over her eyes he gets
the snippers and cuts to face more as
the jiggles and the woman puts more
scissors around the face then the
professor picks up the face and we see
it's not even any muscle back there it
looks like she got must face at the spa
very much later the daughter's new mass
is becoming heal but the two don't know
what to do about the previous gorgeous
girl then we see a girl bandaged up in
the bandage one knocks out the woman I'm
sure this is the gorgeous girl then a
professor in the woman followed the
gorgeous girl all throughout the house
we hear a loud scream and we see that
the gorgeous girl has jumped out the
window to her death then the fake duo
take the body to the cemetery where the
original victim is to put her there as
well later though we see a friend of the
gorgeous girl giving info to the police
that helps describe the woman helpers
then at dinner we see the daughter's new
pretty face and they plot how to put her
back into society
the daughter feels some sense of guilt
though but then outside the professor
reveals that he'd failed the surgery we
see what he means by that one day's
passing the daughter's new face starts
to deteriorate now it's back to the same
beginning then we see the professor
examining a dog and then we see the
daughter prank-calling fiance she gets
caught and then she talks about she'd
rather be dead and looked like this and
the experiments to the professor and she
falls limp wanted to embrace death as an
alternative then the two detectives
think about the info given to them to
identify the woman and speak of the
devil the woman is already looking for a
new victim to replace the daughter's
face would the police recruit their own
little troublemaker that looks similar
to the past victims so they can find the
killer she gets admitted to a hospital
where the professor works
I'm a professor when he's a doctor
anyway the professor sees the potential
that the troublemaker has to replace the
daughter's face book the professor and a
woman kidnapper and then we cut directly
to the surgery but before they even cut
they are interrupted by two visitors who
happen to be the police officers that
recruited the girl and asked if he knows
what a troublemaker when the
troublemaker wakes up crying is the
daughter watches she creeps up on the
girl and grabs a scalpel cutting the
troublemaker free.this she stabs the
woman helper in the neck killing her and
the daughter backs away like a savage so
she slumps over dead the troublemaker
runs away then a daughter lets all those
cute doggies free and they literally
attacked the professor who is returning
from the police
the dogs completely pound and Massacre
the professor's the daughter becomes in
touch with reality then a daughter walks
out and we see the face of the chewed-up
professors the daughter becomes a woman
nature well I can really see that this
movie was probably disturbing for his
time especially since that surgery scene
hose up even today let's talk about the
most absurd moment and most enjoyable
meeting that spooky stuff okay let's get
right into it the most historic moment
was easily the surgery other than that
this movie was pretty peaceful but I'm
sure many people will see the picture of
the surgery from the movie and many
spooky videos out there the most enjoyed
moment I say was the dog he's being led
free I'm a sucker for dogs and I just
don't like the idea of those dogs being
detained like a bunch of lab rats
and that's it this movie came out of
1960 same here that the Justice League
debuted it to enjoy it hopefully you can
click on that nice circle logo to
subscribe today for more disturbing
films or you can check out those old
schools - real movie thanks for watching
spooky out